feat(Dialog): Add data-iui-placement functionality (#1323)
iTwin/iTwinUI: .changeset/real-wombats-fly.md

---
'@itwin/itwinui-react': minor
---

> Added ability to change positioning of `Dialog` with `data-iui-placement` in React.

Reviewer: changesets should mention user-facing apis (`placement` prop) rather than implementation details (`data-iui-placement` attribute)

```suggestion
Added `placement` prop to `Dialog` to allow placing it at one of the corners.
```
